---
layout: post
title: "Lesson 29 | JavaScript (Code School)"
excerpt: "First Component | Talk Through Props | Component State | Synthetic Events | Talking to Remote Servers"
modified: 
tags: [javascript, codeschool, learning, front end]
comments: true

---

<section id="table-of-contents" class="toc">
  <header>
    <h3>Overview</h3>
  </header>
<div id="drawer" markdown="1">
*  Auto generated table of contents
{:toc}
</div>
</section><!-- /#table-of-contents -->

## Powering Up With React

### Lessons

1. __First Component__ - Learn how to solve problems in terms of React components, and get familiar with the JSX markup language.
2. __Talk Through Props__ - Make components communicate by passing arguments, which are known as props in React.
3. __Component State__ - Explore handling data that changes over time with state and how it can help us manipulate DOM elements.
4. __Synthetic Events__ - Capture user actions with React's event system, and learn how React uses synthetic events to consolidate the browser's native event API.
5. __Talking to Remote Servers__ - Learn about interacting with remote servers via Ajax using React's lifecycle methods.

### Thoughts

*Before jumping into learning React, I watched a couple videos about React, and why the team at Facebook decided to create this framework. [Hacker Way: Rethinking Web App Development at Facebook](https://youtu.be/nYkdrAPrdcw) was one of the major highlights. It broke down what their goals were, why it was an important way to build UIs, and really got me more interested to learn something that made the process a bit more "simple"*

*So I jumped right in. My overarching thought with all of this.. React is really cool. I know as I use this more it will get more and more complicated, but I like the overall simplicity of it. Building components to build a page, they can interact with each other, and you can easily avoid having infinite loops running in your program. I'm excited to try to use this on some of the pages I have built and to continue to learn more ways to put JavaScript to good use.*