---
layout: post
title: "Lesson 7 | Git (Code School)"
excerpt: "Introduction | Staging & Remotes | Cloning & Branching | Collaboration Basics | Branching | Rebase belong to us | History and Configuration"
modified: 
tags: [git, codeschool, learning, front end]
comments: true

---

<section id="table-of-contents" class="toc">
  <header>
    <h3>Overview</h3>
  </header>
<div id="drawer" markdown="1">
*  Auto generated table of contents
{:toc}
</div>
</section><!-- /#table-of-contents -->

##Git Real

###Lessons
1. __Introduction__ - Learn the basics of Git
2. __Staging & Remotes__ - Add and remove changed files, and work with remote repositories
3. __Cloning & Branching__ - Clone repositories and learn how to work with multiple branches
4. __Collaboration Basics__ - Work simultaneously with multiple users
5. __Branching__ - Work with remote branches and reference commits
6. __Rebase belong to us__ - Optimize merging and fix merge conflicts
7. __History and Configuration__ - Learn how to configure and view commit logs

###Thoughts
_Although the first lesson about Git was confusing, these lessons were much more helpful with videos and scenarios that brought me through the basics of Git, what a repository is and how it works. It even went through what seem to be some of the more advanced properties, too._

_Before this, my boyfriend has actually talked about Git... a lot. And, to be honest, most of the time I just nodded my head like I understood what he was talking about. Most of the time I had no clue. But now! I feel like I have an understanding. He works on Git almost daily, and I feel like I likely would too someday. That made this even better to be learning about Git._

_The lessons brought me through a lot of what would seem to be possible real world situations of making changes to documents that multiple people may be working on in a workplace. It walked you through the problems that may/will arise and how to work through some of those problems._
