---
layout: post
title: "Lesson 6 | Git (Code School)"
excerpt: "Discover Git"
modified: 
tags: [git, codeschool, learning, front end]
comments: true

---

<section id="table-of-contents" class="toc">
  <header>
    <h3>Overview</h3>
  </header>
<div id="drawer" markdown="1">
*  Auto generated table of contents
{:toc}
</div>
</section><!-- /#table-of-contents -->

## Try Git

### Lessons

1. __Discover Git__ - Discover the basics of Git, including how to initialize a repo. Learn how to add, commit, and push your code to GitHub.

### Thoughts

_Woah. So the lesson said it would take about 15 minutes to finish. It basically went screen by screen and told you that you were going to fix a bug on a webpage. On each page it would tell you something was happening, you were going to do something about it, and then copy the command they had written for you into the command line on the webpage. Once you typed it in, the command would spit out a bunch of stuff at you, and then you would type something else into the command line. I think the 15 minute estimate is probably true if you just read the direction that was given, typed in the command, and watched the actions that GitHub was going to do. I'm not at all familiar with GitHub though, so it took me a bit longer._

_I'm still not entirely sure what just happened in that lesson. But apparently I fixed a bug on some website? Who knows. I took notes and screen shots along that way and I'm hoping this will all make sense soon. I can try to refer back to my notes the first time I have to use GitHub on my own... or maybe as I get farther into the lessons this will all make a lot more sense to me._
