---
layout: post
title: "31 | Updates"
excerpt: "What have I been doing?"
modified: 
tags: [github, pages, gitup, learning, front end]
comments: true

---

<section id="table-of-contents" class="toc">
  <header>
    <h3>Overview</h3>
  </header>
<div id="drawer" markdown="1">
*  Auto generated table of contents
{:toc}
</div>
</section><!-- /#table-of-contents -->

## What have I been doing?

Well... that's a great question. If you snuck a glimpse at my GitHub, you'd notice that I haven't been building as much lately or pushing to a repository. Woops.

First and foremost, my biggest task as of late has been applying to jobs.And in my spare time, I've been working on a lot of random things. I've been reading.. SO much reading. Doing some small exercises with JavaScript. Watching lots of video tutorials. Looking at other people's work to try and understand how they have built different parts of their site. Overall, I have really been trying to improve my skills. 

But I've noticed in doing all of these things, I don't have much to show for it, as I haven't exactly been public about it. And while I don't think that every little thing I do needs to be posted publicly, I do want my future employer to know that I haven't just been sitting around watching Netflix all day. So! I'm going to start posting some self-written "articles" about topics that are of interest to me. Maybe about a language, concept, framework, or just a cool article that someone wrote about a current topic surrounding the world of development. Whatever it is, I'll be posting periodically on my blog about that. Get excited. Enjoy.