---
layout: post
title: "Lesson 30 | First React App"
excerpt: "Photoshop Mockup | Responsive Webpage | Browser Compliant"
modified: 
tags: [buildout, html, sass, css, git, github, pages, gitup, learning, front end]
comments: true

---

<section id="table-of-contents" class="toc">
  <header>
    <h3>Overview</h3>
  </header>
<div id="drawer" markdown="1">
*  Auto generated table of contents
{:toc}
</div>
</section><!-- /#table-of-contents -->

## Building a Responsive & Browser Compliant Webpage

### Thoughts

*I started building this page right after I finished my second buildout. I was almost finished, but then took a pause for a couple weeks to get started on JavaScript and jQuery (as is obvious from my most recent blog posts). But I found some time to come back to this and finish it, so now I get to blog about it.*

*After the last build took me a lot longer than expected, I was worried I was just slow. But thankfully, this went faster than the last one. I added the task of making this browser compliant, and I cut off 6 hours. I will count that as a win. Unfortunately I know I just do not have enough time to do a ton of projects before I start applying to jobs. But I do have confidence that my skills are getting better, I am getting more efficient, and my code is looking better.*

*A few things I learned on this project:*

- *Background Images. There are a bunch of small zig-zag lines throughout the page near the headers for different sections. What has helped me to think about images vs. background images is thinking about a blind person visiting my page. Since the page is bacially read out loud to them, they would also be hearing the images on the page. Hearing in every section that there is a zig-zag line underneath the heading is not important, so it was important to make it a background image. I thought it was a pretty tool to help decide whether an image should be in my html or in the background.*
- *`position: relative` vs. `position: absolute`. This one was pretty interesting. I learned about the two a while ago, but hadn't really put them to use until this project. It was fun to use once I figured it out.*
- *Vertical Positioning. I used a lot of vertical positioning to keep elements in the middle of a section on this page. It was really nice to not have to use a lot of padding and margins for everything. It made the responsiveness a lot easier, too.*
- *Columns. This was pretty cool! I used columns on my `ul` in the footer section of this page. It was a really clean way to figure out how to make the list look the way I wanted it to look. And it was an easy fix to make it work on all browsers.*

*This was a fun page. My confidence is building and I liked finding solutions and learning some more advanced tricks along the way.*

### Related Links

- No link to the page yet as it is not hosted, but I will post it here.
- The [Photoshop Mockup](http://meredal.github.io/Photoshop/jewelry.psd) I used to build the site.